+++
title = "18.11-PRERELEASE_2 Available"
menutitle = "18.11-PR2 Available"
description = ""
date = "2018-12-01"
draft = false
pre = "<i class='fa fa-exclamation'></i>	"
+++

Version 18.11-PRERELEASE_2 of Project Trident is now available on [the download page](/download)!

This version has several significant changes:
1. ISO support for NVIDIA Optimus or other dual-GPU systems.
   * There has been a lot of work to make the graphics driver setup aware of and support systems with multiple graphics cards now. This is still fairly new, so please make sure you submit bug reports with the associated `pciconf -lv` output on your system if this still does not work properly for your hardware.
2. A new CLI utility called "about" has been created which will display basic information about your system.
   * Trident version and date
   * Repository and tag information for the current version of the system packages (can be used to checkout the same version of the sources as needed)
   * Basic hardware stats (CPU information, amount of memory)
   * Detected GPU information
   * Detected Wired/Wireless network devices
3. ISO size is getting smaller again (currently 4GB). 
   * Still working with the TrueOS team to enable additional ISO slimming options in the future.

## WARNINGS
The `personacrypt` utility is unavailable with this version of Project Trident. If you have your home directory on a personacrypt USB drive, then we recommend migrating your data back to the local hard drive before doing any updates.

We have been experiencing a lot of build failures due to the "pefs-kmod" port which personacrypt uses not reliably staying in sync with the FreeBSD kernel sources. Because of this, we highly recommend that you migrate away from PersonaCrypt and to some other personal encryption system as soon as possible, since Project Trident can no longer guarantee that PEFS and/or personacrypt will be available for every release.

